Audit policy (#306)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/basics/kubernetes-on-giant-swarm/index.md

Similarly, some parts of the DNS, Ingress Controller, and Calico setups are visible to you inside your cluster. To ensure that your cluster runs without problems, please refrain from manipulating the `kube-system` namespace as well as the pods and other resources running in them if they are not documented.

> We customized the audit policy file by introducing rules that make the `Kube-apiserver` less verbose. The main philosophy behind is to mute those rules which have low-risk and produce high-volume of logs.  Check the manifest `audit-policy.yaml` in the repository [giantswarm/k8scloudconfig](https://github.com/giantswarm/k8scloudconfig) under `v_X_Y_Z/files/policies`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We customize the audit policy file to eliminate rules which are both low-risk and produce a high volume of log entries. For full details, check the manifest `audit-policy.yaml` in the repository [giantswarm/k8scloudconfig](https://github.com/giantswarm/k8scloudconfig) under `v_X_Y_Z/files/policies`.
```

Suggesting some rephrasing

Author: So we won't go with the convention `v_X_Y_Z` as proposed above by Vaclav?

Reviewer: Yes, we should. I left that part untouched.

Author: Oh right sorry. I was confused by GH
